chore: add new labs (#557)
cilium/cilium.io: content/labs/2024-09-26-cilium-traffic-optimization/index.md

---
date: '2024-09-26T14:00:00.000Z'
externalUrl: 'https://isovalent.com/labs/cilium-traffic-optimization/?utm_source=website-cilium&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=cilium-enterprise'
ogImage: cover.png
categories:
  - Networking
place: Online
title: 'Cilium Traffic Optimization'

> ogSummary: 'In this lab, using a Star Wars-inspired theme based on the iconic “These are not the droids you’re looking for” scene, you’ll explore how these features can enhance service performance and reduce latency'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'In this lab, using a Star Wars-inspired theme based on the iconic “These are not the droids you’re looking for” scene, you’ll explore how Local Redirect Policies, topology-aware load balancing, and node-local optimizations can enhance service performance and reduce latency'
```
